docs: how to tools, merge built in tools and toolkits (#21824)
langchain-ai/langchain: docs/docs/how_to/index.mdx

LangChain Tools contain a description of the tool (to pass to the language model) as well as the implementation of the function to call).

- [How to: create custom tools](/docs/how_to/custom_tools)

> - [How to: use built-in LangChain tools](/docs/how_to/tools_builtin)

Author: ```suggestion
- [How to: use built-in tools and built-in toolkits](/docs/how_to/tools_builtin)
```
